README.md, before:

# Kanelm - Kanban Board in Elm

![](screenshot.gif)

## Run it locally

Assume you already have Node and Elm installed, you can use either NPM or Yarn.

1. Clone this project
2. Install dependencies:
  ```
  npm install
  elm-package install
  ```
3. Create config file from example config:

```
cp src/example.config.js src/config.js
```

Create an account on https://jsonbin.io/ to obtain the Secret key, create a new JSON file on this site. Put the URL into your `config.js`. You can find your bin's URL here:

![](jsonbin-url.png)

The initial data for your JSON file should be:

```json
{"taskInput": "", "tasks": [], "movingTask": null}
```

4. Start the dev server:
  ```
  npm start
  ```

## Deploy it on your server

To deploy it on your server, just run `npm build` and copy the two files in `dist` folder. It run as a static HTML page, so you can even put it on Github Pages.

## Themes

To use dark theme, add `dark` class into `container**:

**src/Main.elm**

```elm
view : Model -> Html Msg
view model =
  ...
      div [ class "container dark" ] [
  ...
```

Light theme

![](light-theme.png)

Dark theme

![](dark-theme.png)

Commit message:

Fix outdated build tool compilation issues, updated dependencies, add clarification to readme (#4)
* Fix outdated build tool compilation issues and updated dependencies

* Update example config with readme example

* Move deps to devDeps and change readme to use yarn instead of npm

README.md, after:

# Kanelm - Kanban Board in Elm

![](screenshot.gif)

## Run it locally

Assume you already have Node and Elm installed, you can use either NPM or Yarn.

1. Clone this project
2. Install dependencies:
  ```
  yarn
  elm-package install
  ```
  > :bulb: Note: Use `yarn` since the `yarn.lock` dependency file is up to date.
3. Create config file from example config:

```
cp src/example.config.js src/config.js
```

Create an account on https://jsonbin.io/ to obtain the Secret key, create a new JSON file on this site. Put the URL into your `config.js`. You can find your bin's URL here:

![](jsonbin-url.png)

Be sure to append a `https:` suffix to the API URL in the `config.js`, otherwise the built version in [kanban-app](https://github.com/huytd/kanban-app) won't work.

Your config should look something like this:

```javascript
module.exports = {
    SECRET: 'you-api-secret-here',
    URL: 'https://api.jsonbin.io/b/{id-of-jsonbin-bin}'
};
```

The initial data for your JSON file should be:

```json
{"taskInput": "", "tasks": [], "movingTask": null}
```

4. Start the dev server:
  ```
  yarn start
  ```

## Deploy it on your server

To deploy it on your server, just run `npm build` and copy the two files in `dist` folder. It run as a static HTML page, so you can even put it on Github Pages.

## Themes

To use dark theme, add `dark` class into `container**:

**src/Main.elm**

```elm
view : Model -> Html Msg
view model =
  ...
      div [ class "container dark" ] [
  ...
```

Light theme

![](light-theme.png)

Dark theme

![](dark-theme.png)
